Docs: grammar fixes, feature-usage clarifications, and missing-topic coverage (#9655)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/proofreading/segmentation_mappings.md

## Editable and Locked Mappings

The mappings described above are read-only: activating one lets you browse a precomputed agglomeration without changing it. [Proofreading](./proofreading_tool.md) builds on this with two related concepts:

- **Editable mapping:** When you start proofreading a segmentation, WEBKNOSSOS turns the active agglomerate mapping into an *editable* copy of the underlying supervoxel graph. Your merge and split operations are applied to this editable mapping and are stored together with your annotation — they do not modify the original dataset, so different annotations can proofread the same base segmentation independently.
- **Locked mapping:** As soon as you modify a volume layer that has an active mapping — whether by proofreading or simply by brushing — that mapping becomes *locked* to the annotation. A locked mapping can no longer be changed or disabled, which guarantees that the stored annotation always refers to a consistent agglomeration. This can only be reverted by restoring an older version of the annotation.

> Because of this, an editable mapping is mutually exclusive with some other features: while one is active, regular volume annotation is disabled, and [Merger Mode](./merger_mode.md) cannot be enabled. Conversely, if a mapping that does not support proofreading actions has already been locked to an annotation (for example, because the layer was brushed earlier), the proofreading tool is unavailable for that annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mapping Locking
In the context of an annotation, as soon as you modify a volume layer that has an active mapping — whether by proofreading or simply by brushing — that mapping becomes *locked* in the annotation. A locked mapping can no longer be substituted or disabled, which guarantees that the stored annotation always refers to a consistent agglomeration. This can only be reverted by restoring an older version of the annotation.

## Editable Mappings for Supervoxel Proofreading

The mappings described above are read-only: activating one lets you browse a precomputed agglomeration without changing it. [Supervoxel Proofreading](./proofreading_tool.md) builds on this by turning the active agglomerate mapping into an *editable* copy of the underlying supervoxel graph. Your merge and split operations are applied to this editable mapping and are stored together with your annotation — they do not modify the original dataset, so different annotations can proofread the same base segmentation independently.

Note that supervoxel proofreading is mutually exclusive with some other features: while one is active, regular volume annotation is disabled, and [Merger Mode](./merger_mode.md) cannot be enabled.
```

The fact that mappings get locked when brushing or performing proofreading actions is not super closely related to the concept of editable mappings. In fact, I’d say Editable Mappings are synonymous with supervoxel proofreading.

Also, the locking is not exactly the reason why you can’t brush anymore in proofreading.
